Add documentation support (#114)
analogdevicesinc/testbenches: docs/index.rst

HDL Testbenches
===============================================================================

.. attention::

   Work-in-progress, not all content has been imported yet.

.. image:: sources/HDL_logo.svg
   :align: center
   :scale: 100%

`Analog Devices Inc. <https://www.analog.com>`_

> HDL test benches for various reference design and prototyping systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HDL testbenches for various reference design and prototyping systems.
```
